Restructure Local Development Docs + Add "Customize Images" Content (#82)
astronomer/cloud-docs: docs/customize-image.md

In the same way you can build Python and OS-level Packages into your image, you can build additional dependencies and files for your DAGs to use.

In the example below, we'll add a folder of `helper_functions` with a file (or set of files) that can be used by Airflow DAGs.

1. Add a directory of `helper_functions` to your local project:

    ```bash
    .
    ├── airflow_settings.yaml
    ├── dags
    │   └── example-dag.py
    ├── Dockerfile
    ├── helper_functions
    │   └── helper.py
    ├── include
    ├── packages.txt
    ├── plugins
    │   └── example-plugin.py
    └── requirements.txt
    ```

2. Rebuild your image by running `astro dev stop` followed by `astro dev start`.

To confirm that your helper functions were successfully installed:

1. Run `docker ps` to identify the 3 running docker containers on your machine
2. Copy the container ID of your Scheduler container
3. Run the following command to see your new directory in the container:

```bash
$ docker exec -it <scheduler-container-id> /bin/bash
bash-4.4$ ls
Dockerfile  airflow_settings.yaml  helper_functions  logs  plugins  unittests.cfg
airflow.cfg  dags  include  packages.txt  requirements.txt
```

> ## Configure `airflow_settings.yaml` (Local Development Only)

Reviewer: Let's add more information to this section so that we're not just telling people "hey this file exists and you can use it"! See if you can test this out yourself and rework this section a bit with few steps that look something like this:

1. Open your `airflow_settings.yaml` file
2. In the yaml template, add any Airflow Connections, Pools, or Variables (link out to Airflow OSS docs )
3. Rebuild your image by running astro dev stop > astro dev start
4. Check the Airflow UI (localhost:8080) to see that your Airflow Connections/Variables/Pools now render

> When you first initialize a new Airflow project on Astronomer, a file called `airflow_settings.yaml` is automatically generated. With this file, you can configure and programmatically generate Airflow Connections, Pools, and Variables when you're developing locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you first initialize a new Astronomer project, a file called `airflow_settings.yaml` is automatically generated. With this file, you can configure and programmatically generate Airflow Connections, Pools, and Variables when you're developing locally.
```

> For security reasons, the `airflow_settings.yaml` file is currently only for local development and should not be used for pushing up code to Astronomer via `astro deploy`. For the same reason, we recommend adding this file to your `.gitignore` or equivalent secret management service.

Reviewer: Maybe format this as a "tip"

### Add Airflow Connections, Pools, and Variables

> By default, the `airflow_settings.yaml` file is be structured as following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the `airflow_settings.yaml` file includes the following template:
```

```yaml
airflow:
  connections:
    - conn_id: my_new_connection
      conn_type: postgres
      conn_host: 123.0.0.4
      conn_schema: airflow
      conn_login: user
      conn_password: pw
      conn_port: 5432
      conn_extra:
  pools:
    - pool_name: my_new_pool
      pool_slot: 5
      pool_description:
  variables:
    - variable_name: my_variable
      variable_value: my_value
```

If you want to add a second Connection/Pool/Variable, copy the existing fields and make a new entry like so:

```yaml
variables:
  - variable_name: my_first_variable
    variable_value: value123
  - variable_name: my_second_variable
    variable_value: value987
```

## Run Commands on Build

To run extra commands when your Airflow image builds, add the commands to your `Dockerfile` as a `RUN` command. These will run as the last step in the image build process.

For example, if you want to run `ls` when your image builds, your `Dockerfile` would look like this:

```

> FROM quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:3.0.1-buster-onbuild

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FROM quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:3.0.3
```

@jwitz Can we use Env Var here to keep this reference to Runtime "latest"?

RUN ls
```

## Docker Compose Override (Local Development Only)

> The Astronomer CLI is built on top of [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/), a tool for defining and running multi-container Docker applications. To override any of the Astronomer CLI's default configurations ([found here](https://github.com/astronomer/astro-cli/blob/main/airflow/include/composeyml.go)), add a `docker-compose.override.yml` file to your Astronomer project directory. Any values in this file will override default settings when you run `astro dev start`.

Reviewer: This links out to our old CLI repo. @kushalmalani In Gen2 CLI, do you know if users can still add a docker-compose override file the same way they could with Gen1? What's the equivalent of this:

https://github.com/astronomer/astro-cli/blob/main/airflow/include/composeyml.go

In Gen2 CLI?

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/astronomer/astrohub-cli/blob/main/airflow/include/composeyml.go

Author: This repository is private. Does it make sense to remove this section if they don't know what configurations are possible to override?

-rw-r--r--    1 root     root           153 Dec 30 17:21 docker-compose.override.yml
drwxrwxr-x    2 1000     1000          4096 Oct  8 00:07 include
drwxr-xr-x    4 astro    astro         4096 Oct  8 00:11 logs
drwxr-xr-x    2 1000     1000          4096 Dec 30 17:15 custom_dependencies
-rw-rw-r--    1 root     root             0 Oct  8 00:07 packages.txt
drwxrwxr-x    2 1000     1000          4096 Oct  8 00:07 plugins
-rw-rw-r--    1 root     root             0 Oct  8 00:07 requirements.txt
-rw-r--r--    1 astro    astro         2338 Dec 30 17:21 unittests.cfg
```

> **Note:** The Astronomer CLI does not currently support overrides to Environment Variables. For more information on how to set, configure and customize those values, refer to [Environment Variables](environment-variables).

## Access to the Airflow CLI

You can use Apache Airflow CLI commands on Astronomer when developing locally by wrapping them around docker commands.

To add a connection via CLI, for example, you can run:

```bash
docker exec -it SCHEDULER_CONTAINER bash -c "airflow connections -a --conn_id test_three  --conn_type ' ' --conn_login etl --conn_password pw --conn_extra {"account":"blah"}"
```

> Refer to the [Airflow CLI documentation](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/usage-cli.html) for a list of all commands.

Reviewer: My understanding was that people could run Airflow CLI commands with `astro dev run` - can you verify + test? Let's get rid of docker commands if we can

```
astro dev start --env .env
```

> **Note:** This feature is limited to local development only. Whatever `.env` you use locally cannot be deployed to Astronomer.
>
> For more detail on how to add Environment Variables both locally and on Astronomer, refer to [Environment Variables](environment-variables).

## Build from a Private GitHub Repository

The following setup describes how to bring in Python Packages stored in a private GitHub repo.

### Prerequisites

- The Astronomer CLI
- An Astronomer project directory
- An [SSH Key](https://help.github.com/en/articles/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent) to your Private GitHub repo

### Step 1: Create a file called Dockerfile.build

1. In your directory, create a file called `Dockerfile.build` that's parallel to your `Dockerfile`.

2. To the first line of that file, add a `FROM` statement that specifies the Runtime image you want to run on Astronomer. This statement should end with `AS stage`.

    If you're running the Astronomer Runtime image for Airflow 2.1.1, for example this would be:

    ```
    FROM quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:3.0.1 AS stage
    ```

>     > **Note:** Do not include `-onbuild` at the end of your Airflow Image as you typically would in your `Dockerfile`.

Reviewer: Let's be clearer here -

>     If you're running the Astronomer Runtime image 3.0.3, for example, this would be:
> 
>     ```
>     FROM quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:3.0.3-base AS stage
>     ```

The onbuild thing is gen 1 only. Here we have to explain the difference between `3.0.3-base` and `3.0.3` or link out here: https://docs.astronomer.io/runtime-versioning#runtime-images

3. Immediately below the `FROM` statement, add the following:

    ```
    LABEL maintainer="Astronomer <humans@astronomer.io>"
    ARG BUILD_NUMBER=-1
    LABEL io.astronomer.docker=true
    LABEL io.astronomer.docker.build.number=$BUILD_NUMBER
    LABEL io.astronomer.docker.airflow.onbuild=true
    # Install Python and OS-Level Packages
    COPY packages.txt .
    RUN cat packages.txt | xargs apk add --no-cache

    FROM stage1 AS stage2
    RUN mkdir -p /root/.ssh
    ARG PRIVATE_RSA_KEY=""
    ENV PRIVATE_RSA_KEY=${PRIVATE_RSA_KEY}
    RUN echo "${PRIVATE_RSA_KEY}" >> /root/.ssh/id_rsa
    RUN chmod 600 /root/.ssh/id_rsa
    RUN apk update && apk add openssh-client
    RUN ssh-keyscan -H github.com >> /root/.ssh/known_hosts
    # Install Python Packages
    COPY requirements.txt .
    RUN pip install --no-cache-dir -q -r requirements.txt

    FROM stage1 AS stage3
    # Copy requirements directory

>     COPY --from=stage2 /usr/lib/python3.6/site-packages/ /usr/lib/python3.6/site-packages/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    COPY --from=stage2 /usr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/ /usr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/
```

Reviewer: Runtime is Python 3.9: https://docs.astronomer.io/runtime-release-notes#astronomer-runtime-301

Per Andrew's comment, we don't want people customizing this

    COPY . .
    ```

    These statements bundle your SSH keys, OS-Level packages in `packages.txt`, and Python Packages in `requirements.txt` from your private directory together into a Docker image.

    A few notes on this setup:

    - The `Private RSA Key` is an [SSH Key generated via GitHub](https://help.github.com/en/articles/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent)
    - If you don't want keys in this file to be pushed back up to your GitHub repo, consider adding this file to `.gitignore`

>     - If you're running Python 3.7 on your machine, replace the reference to Python 3.6 under `# Copy requirements directory` with `/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/` above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Remove this - we won't support other versions of Python

### Step 2: Build your image

Run the following in your terminal:

```
docker build -f Dockerfile.build --build-arg PRIVATE_RSA_KEY="$(cat ~/.ssh/id_rsa)" -t custom-<airflow-image> .
```

> If you have `quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:3.0.1-buster` in your `Dockerfile.build`, for example, this command would be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have `quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:3.0.3-base` in your `Dockerfile.build`, for example, this command would be:
```

```

> docker build -f Dockerfile.build --build-arg PRIVATE_RSA_KEY="$(cat ~/.ssh/id_rsa)" -t custom-astro-runtime:3.0.1-buster .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker build -f Dockerfile.build --build-arg PRIVATE_RSA_KEY="$(cat ~/.ssh/id_rsa)" -t custom-astro-runtime:3.0.3-base .
```

```

### Step 3: Replace your Dockerfile

You now need to reference the custom image you just built in your `Dockerfile`. To do so, replace the current contents of your `Dockerfile` with the following:

```
FROM <custom-airflow-image>
```

> If you're based your custom image off of `quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:3.0.1-buster`, for example, this line would read:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're based your custom image off of `quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:3.0.3-base`, for example, this line would read:
```

```

> FROM custom-astro-runtime:3.0.1-buster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FROM custom-astro-runtime:3.0.3-base
```

```

### Step 4: Push your custom image to Astronomer

If you're developing locally, push your changes to your Airflow project by running `astro dev stop` followed by `astro dev start`.

If you're pushing up to Astronomer, run `astro deploy` or trigger your CI/CD pipeline.

For more detail on deploying to Astronomer, read [Deploy to Deploy Code](deploy-code).

## Build with a different Python version

> The Astronomer Runtime Docker image has been tested and built only for Python 3.7.

Reviewer: Yea, let's remove this Jake
